My channel RSS Commentary was deleted by YouTube 6 times, undeleted 5 times, & the last time it was permanently deleted was because of 3 strikes of talking about 2000 Mules. The reason why the FBI, CIA, Democrats & Republicans have been censoring people on Big Tech platforms is because of Putin’s interference in the 2016 election. There is a very long story behind it watch the PBS Documentary “Putin & the Presidents” & read the Twitter Files & it will make more sense. Another must-read is “The Russia Conundrum: How the West Fell for Putin's Power Gambit—and How to Fix It by Mikhail Khodorkovsky”. The owner of Wagner PMC, Yevgeny Prigozhin, ran the Internet Research Agency Russian troll farm & they were doing a psy-op around the Ukraine war (if you want me to detail this drop a comment below & I’ll put answer your questions. I’m in the know but it’s detailed.) to manufacture consent for the Russian invasion of Ukraine by framing Ukraine as being run by Naizs. Ironically, the alleged founder of Wagner PMC, Dmitry Utkin, ironically is a neo-Nazi himself. Wagner is full of neo-Nazis. Keep in mind that the fact that they are Nazis is irrelevant because Russia has always been the most antisemitic country besides Nazi Germany & the Nazi volunteers for Ukraine militants are not killing Jews & Ukraine is trying to join the EU so the story is absurd.
To understand what the CIA was censoring you need to know how Russian disinfo works. For that read the book Disinformation by the highest-ranking KGB defector to the West, 2-Star Gen Ion Pacepa. He details the Protocols of Elder Zion antisemitic psy-op that caused the Holocaust. In the Russian Revolution, the Bolsheviks mass murdered the Kulaks. Most people have heard the theory that 10% of the Nazis were Jews & the Jews were in control. The story is 100% false. The truth is the Bolsheviks murdered the Jews because of communism, & they said the Jews did it & they were paid by capitalists fat cats on Wall Street. Bolsheviks were successful at this strategy & they started to use it to do a psy-op to brainwash people to think the world was controlled by a Zionist cabal of bankers in control of the world who were behind all the atrocities.
Hitler also to used the Protocols of Elder Zion, & most don’t know but Hitler worked with Stalin to do a false flag invasion of Poland called Glewitz Incident; fascinating story.
Bring us back to today, Russia is using every psychological warfare operation in the KGB playbook. Putin was been planning this invasion for a very long time & using bots to amply Russian State media propaganda.
Sadly Alex Jones of InfoWars has been taking part in the Russian psy-op by making up this lie that the satanic globalists are trying to overthrow our Government with a one-world government. They say they are with the Zionist bankers who are doing all the false flags & bombing the “innocent Iranians & Assad”. It’s the same old repackaged Protocols of Elder Zion conspiracy theory, only this time they say the US is the mean evil & they’re backed by Zionists.
For my channel RSS Commentary, I was censored for talking about so-called conspiracy theories that were Protocols adjacent like Great Replacement & the QAnon plot against Trump by the Clitnon-Epstein Deep State we know as the Russiagate hoax, which again goes back to Russo-Ukraine psy-op described above. People think QAnon’s claim of the world being run by a Satanic cult was original, but it was pulled from Bloodlines of Illuminati, published in 1995.
On my channel, I opposed the mask mandates & vaccines because I’m an engineer who runs a social network & video production tool that uses AI, & in college, I did a Virus mimicry genetic algorithm project so I was knowledgeable about how viruses spread & I did not fall for the COVID insanity. I made an open-source ventilator for COVID & I learned all about how you die from it. I knew that droplet studies with masks don’t translate into saved lives & vaccines killed competing strains that act as natural vaccines & had waning immunity. I knew that it’s raw statistics & there are many ways to die, & from my engineering experience, I know that when you try to optimize one metric like reducing COVID deaths you can dramatically increase deaths from all causes, which was what happened. From day one. I said from day one the lockdowns would cause an increase in deaths from all causes. But YouTube repeatedly censored my videos as COVID misinformation. I in 2023 hindsight I was 100% right, not 99% but 100% correct, & the CDC was 100% wrong.
I tried to warn all of my friends, but they treated me like an insane conspiracy theorist. I protested the vaccine mandates at my engineering school (Portland State University) & they kicked me out, I’m still suing them for $2.4M.
Silicon Valley is in California, which has been a Sanctuary State. When I was a kid it was mostly white people, but the open borders have made white people a minority in California. The Silicon Valley programmers who run Big Tech are far-Left communist sympathizers who hate conservatives with a passion. They say you’re racist if you oppose open borders & you’re a far-right conspiracy theorist for thinking white people are turning into a minority faster because of conscious Democracy policies. The Great Replacement theory is called Protocols of Elder Zion adjacent, or Protocols Adjacent, conspiracy theory for short. The CIA has been censoring these theories because Russia is exploiting these racial sentiments & weaponizing the conspiracy theories to make people support Trump & Putin.
There is more to the story, drop a comment below with questions & I will answer them.
