## QAnon Great Replacment Wikipedia Coverup

This is a copy of a Wikipedia Talk contribution on the QAnon wiki page that Wikipedia banned me for. 

### Missing Dual-State, Russiagate, Bohemian Grove, Satanic Abortion, Replacement migration, Epstein and Clinton, Steele Dossier, Zuckerberg Election Engineering, FBI attempted Kidnapping of Michigan Governor Whitmer, January 6 FBI false flag, and Carter Page References

The QAnon Wikipedia article is missing any and all references to the information that proves some of the claims of the QAnon movement. Of course, there is a lot of disinformation from crackpots online and possibly from Deep State actors, but the following facts remain:

There are pictures of Bill Clinton getting a back massage from one of Jeffry Epstein's alleged sex trafficking victims<ref>{{cite news |last1=Feis |first1=Aaron |title=New photos show Bill Clinton getting massage from Epstein accuser |url=https://nypost.com/2020/08/18/photos-show-bill-clinton-getting-massage-from-epstein-accuser/ |access-date=26 December 2022 |agency=New York Post |date=2022-08-18}}</ref>. Epstein was convicted of soliciting sex for money from a minor in Florida. All of Epstein's alleged victims were over the age of 13, so Epstein is only colloquially called a pedophile but is not classified as a pedophile under the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5). Epstein does appear to have had a lolita crush and some of Epstein's ultra-powerful friends were involved such as Prince Andrews and Bill Gates, who is a ultra-powerful Democrat.

The reason why people say Democrats are satanic is that they promote abortion, which Christians view as satanic. The history of this goes back to when the Progressive Democrats were force sterilizing people in the Eugenics program that lasted until the 1970s<ref>{{cite news |last1=Manjoo |first1=Farhad |title=Progressive genocide |url=https://www.salon.com/2006/03/04/bruinius/ |access-date=26 December 2022 |publisher=Salon |date=2006-03-04}}</ref>. Many Christians view abortion as murder, which violates the Ten Commandments though shall not kill command, but Progressives were into racial superiority pseudoscience so they pushed for abortions for low-income people claiming it was woman's rights when in reality they were trying to lower the birthrate of the poor people because for a long time they thought being poor was due to you being genetically inferior. White Supremacists also targeted poor whites and Anglo-Saxton 'hicks'. This is how Nazis and Communists portrayed Jews in the antisemitic conspiracy theory as beneath the living standards of the Socialist Nationslist, the Germans, Russians, etc[TKTK insert WW2 antisemetic propaganda citation]. The Satanic Church has publicly stated that abortion is a Satanic ritual<ref>{{cite web |last1=Church of Satan |first1=Church of Satan |title=Is Abortion A Satanic Sacrament? |url=https://www.churchofsatan.com/is-abortion-a-satanic-sacrament/ |website=Church of Satan |publisher=Church of Satan |access-date=26 December 2022}}</ref>.

The Deep State is known in political science as [[Dual State]] invented by a person named Ernst Fraenkel<ref>{{cite web |last1=Fraenkel |first1=Ernst |title=The Dual State |url=https://archive.org/details/in.ernet.dli.2015.13142 |website=National Archives |access-date=26 December 2022}}</ref>. Thi Wiki article cites QAnon as a conspiracy about the Deep State but does not link to the Wiki article for Deep state. The missing Deep state citaiton makes the QAnon story sound like it's not based in reality.

Every Country has a Deep State, or Dual State. They are State employees who were hired from prior Presidents, Politicians, and Administrations who live in and around centers of power. They have friends and family where they live and they give them jobs creating a crony network. In the US the Deep State is anti-racist feminist because of the Civil Rights Acts that bar discrimination based on race, sex, and other protected charactaristics. The Deep State anti-racist feminists fired all the 'racist white people', 'sexists', 'misogynists' 'homophobes', 'transphobes', etc so what you're left with is a left-wing echo chamber. You can't criticize their politics, else they label you as racist, far-right, white supremacist, antisemite, alt-right nazis. When they do that, people get repulsed and fire you. The Deep state anti-racist feminist were able to take over using demagoguery by demonizing white people as racist and white males as white supremacist misogynists using charged rhetoric like put a glass ceiling over the wah-men and whine-norities. The very nature of controlling a country is to exclude your political opponents, else you wouldn't be in control. This exclusion-based evolutionary psychology is how #woke politics and critical race and gender theory became to predominant in the US.

This Wikipedia QAnon article only mentions the Steele Dossier in passing, which is a central tennant of the QAnon conpsriacy theory facts. The Steele Dossier is a fake document created by Hillary Clinton's disinformation campaign that tried to frame Trump as a Russian asset. Igor Danchenko, the primary source the Steel Dossier, was in fact a Russian asset, and he falsified the story about Trump having sex with hookers in a Moscow hotel so it looked like Putin had dirt on Trump. Allegedly, they brought the hookers into the hotel room after Trump left. Danchenko is currently being prosecuted by John Durham for his part in the criminal conspiracy<ref>{{cite news |last1=Dunleavy |first1=Jerry |title=Steele source Igor Danchenko gets new lawyers and tries to delay trial |url=https://gazette.com/news/steele-source-igor-danchenko-gets-new-lawyers-and-tries-to-delay-trial/article_644465ce-17a0-5831-9b49-c02615555d33.html |access-date=26 December 2022 |agency=The Gazette |publisher=The Gazette |date=2022-12-15}}</ref>. Then the FBI Attorney Kevin Clinsmith pled guilty to falsifying documents to get an illegal FISA warrant to surveil Dr Carter Page and Trump Tower<ref>{{cite news |last1=Scarcella |first1=Mike |title=Ex-FBI lawyer agrees to one-year bar sanction after conviction |url=https://www.reuters.com/legal/government/ex-fbi-lawyer-agrees-one-year-bar-sanction-after-conviction-2022-06-28/ |access-date=26 December 2022 |agency=USA Today |publisher=USA Today |date=2022-06-28}}</ref>. Dr Carter Page, ironically, was an FBI informant. Given that there have been convictions in this case already, it probably should be mentioned in the Wiki because it's an encyclopedia given it was central to the QAnon theory and timelines of facts.

Hillary Clinton got in big trouble for deleting 33,000 messages on her private email server claiming that the emails were not work-related<ref>{{cite news |last1=Levine |first1=Mike |title=Why Hillary Clinton Deleted 33,000 Emails on Her Private Email Server |url=https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/hillary-clinton-deleted-33000-emails-secretary-state/story?id=42389308 |access-date=26 December 2022 |agency=ABC News |publisher=ABC News |date=2016-09-27}}</ref>. This is not mentioned in the QAnon Wiki article and it's central to the QAnon theory. It is a fact that people in Hillary Clinton's circle were engaging in crimes related to the Steele Dossier so more than likely Hillary Clinton deleted the emails because they contained information about the Steele Dossier criminal conspiracy hoax. The CIA also told then-President Obama of Hillary Clinton's plan, so the conspiracy went all the way up to the White House<ref>{{cite news |last1=Nelson |first1=Steven |title=CIA told Obama of claim Hillary Clinton conjured Trump-Russia scandal: spy chief |url=CIA told Obama of claim Hillary Clinton conjured Trump-Russia scandal: spy chief |access-date=26 December 2022 |publisher=New York Post |date=2020-09-29}}</ref>.

After Trump was elected, Big Media then started putting out a lot of rage bait articles. Rage bait articles are click bait articles designed to enrage you so you click on them and watch ads, subscribe, etc so the click bait artist can make money. I run a news organization similar to Timcast called RSS Commentary and I've been reporting on these articles for a couple of years now and I've read hundreds of these clickbait rage-bait articles authored for the audience, designed to get you to click and make money off you. The news organization's business model failed from rampant technology advances so they have to author the news for the audience, which resulted in Trump Derangement Syndrome<ref>{{cite web |last1=Whitley |first1=Rob |title=Is "Trump Derangement Syndrome" a Real Mental Condition? |url=https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/talking-about-men/201901/is-trump-derangement-syndrome-real-mental-condition |website=Psychology Today |publisher=Psychology Today |access-date=26 December 2022}}</ref>. Social media was saturated with police brutality atrocity propaganda from people trying to get famous on social media and get scam donations, resulting in widespread anti-police race riots. Big Media needs to put out W free articles to sell X subscriptions and Y ads to make Z profits, so the business model encourages 'journalists' to write the news for the audience and be reckless with facts, which creates two separates worlds with different sets of facts where Big Media is pitting Americans against each other to grow the size of their base to boost their profits using rage-bait click-bait, which they should be shamed for doing.

During this time the Democrat in the US House of Representatives launched the Russiagate investigation in the Senate Select Committee for Intelligence, which Kamala Harris sat on. The Russiagate Committee repeatedly used disinformation the Steele Dossier to try to damage Trump's reelection by releasing the Russiagate Report right before the election<ref>{{cite news |last1=Barrabi |first1=Thomas |title=More 'Russiagate' documents set for release, Senate source says |url=https://www.foxnews.com/politics/more-russiagate-documents-set-for-release-senate-source-says |access-date=26 December 2022 |publisher=Fox News |date=2022-01-14}}</ref>. Kamala Harris then suspiciously was tapped to be Vice President.

Kamala Harris used to be the Attorney General of California. Her buddy who took her AG seat was Xavier Becerra. In October of 2020, Xavier wrote a letter to the CEOs of YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook, demanding that the social media giants censor Republicans who were talking about mail-in voter fraud, citing the Russiagate investigation as false evidence of Russian election interference. In the letter Xavier threatened to use the force of the State down on the tech giants if they didn't comply<ref>{{cite news |last1=Becerra |first1=Xavier |title=Attorney General Becerra Urges Social Media Companies to Stop the Spread of Election Disinformation on Online Platforms |url=https://oag.ca.gov/news/press-releases/attorney-general-becerra-urges-social-media-companies-stop-spread-election |access-date=26 December 2022 |agency=California Attorney General |date=2022-10-19}}</ref>, forcing the tech giants to censor Republicans. Democrats made up lies about Russian election interference based on the Steele Dossier, making it sound like BIG TECH had to censor Repubilcsn to use the power of the State ala Russiagate to then engineer the 2020 election outcome.

Donald Trump was actively trying to reform Section 230 and break up Big Tech. Meanwhile Mark Zuckerberg out of 'the kindness of his heart' curring the COVID pandemic donated $419.5 million to fund a private takeover of County election offices in Swing States<ref>{{cite news |last1=Doyle |first1=William |title=Mark Zuckerberg spent $419M on nonprofits ahead of 2020 election — and got out the Dem vote |url=https://nypost.com/2022/10/13/mark-zuckerberg-spent-419m-on-nonprofits-ahead-of-2020-election-and-got-out-the-dem-vote/ |access-date=26 December 2022 |agency=New York Post |date=2022-10-13}}</ref>. The changes to the Federal Election policies were not cleared with the Clearinghouses established in the 2002 Help America Vote Act<ref>{{cite web |title=Help America Vote Act |url=https://www.eac.gov/about_the_eac/help_america_vote_act.aspx |publisher=US Election Assistance Commission}}</ref>. Zuckerberg funded private ballot harvesting boxes called Zuckerboxes that were placed very dense in Democrat cities and very sparse in Republican counties. In the Democrat strong hold of Deleware County Pennsylvania, the Zuckerboxes were placed ever 4 square miles but they were placed ever 11,000 square miles in Republicans precincts.

Zuckerberg during this time was censoring conservatives, mail-in ballot fraud information, banning QAnon supporters, and working with a Shadow Campaign of ultra-rich and big media personalities who were trying to fortify Biden and suppress Trump<ref>{{cite news |last1=Ball |first1=Molly |title=The Secret History of the Shadow Campaign That Saved the 2020 Election |url=https://time.com/5936036/secret-2020-election-campaign/ |access-date=26 December 2022 |publisher=Times Magazine |date=2022-02-04}}</ref>. QAnon supporters believed they were being targeted by the same conspirators that are targeting Trump, because they were in fact being targeted by the Shadow Campaign.

The outcome of the 2020 election was razor-thin and was no doubt won by ballot harvesting in four specific ballot dumps from Democrat-run cities<ref>{{cite web |title=Anomalies in Vote Counts and Their Effects on Election 2020 |url=https://votepatternanalysis.substack.com/p/voting-anomalies-2020 |website=Substack |publisher=Vote Integrity |access-date=26 December 2022}}</ref>. Ballot harvesting is voter fraud because rich people can always pay more ballot harvesters in densely packed Democrat cities, where most Democrats live, ensuring that Republicans, who live mostly in small to medium-sized cities, never win elections. That is election engineer at its finest.

Shortly after this was the January 6th 'Insurrection', which Democrats have seized on to do a Russiagate 2.0 investigation in order to affect the 2024 Presidential election.

There is very strong evidence that the FBI set up January 6th. FBI agents organized the kidnapping of Michigan Governor Whitmer in order to smear Trump supporters<ref>{{cite news |last1=Chakraborty |first1=Barnini |title=FBI informants had bigger role in Whitmer kidnap plot than thought: report |url=https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/fbi-informants-bigger-role-whitmer-kidnap-plot |access-date=26 December 2022 |agency=Washington Examiner}}</ref>. One of the FBI agents involved was later fired for smashing his wife in the head<ref>{{cite news |last1=Lungariello |first1=Mark |title=FBI agent in Gov. Whitmer kidnap bust accused of attacking wife: report |url=https://nypost.com/2022/07/21/fbi-agent-in-gov-whitmer-kidnap-bust-accused-of-attacking-wife-report/ |access-date=26 December 2022 |agency=New York Post |date=2022-07-21}}</ref>. One of the FBI Agents made anti-Trump posts on social media[TKTK]. Some of the agents involved in the kidnapping plot were promoted to the January 6th investigation[TKTK].

There exist videos of people who are suspected as being FBI agents starting the January 6th US Capitol riot and the FBI is not prosecuting those people<ref>{{cite news |title=Meet Ray Epps, Part 2: Damning New Details Emerge Exposing Massive Web Of Unindicted Operators At The Heart Of January 6 |url=https://www.revolver.news/2022/12/damning-new-details-massive-web-unindicted-operators-january-6/ |access-date=26 December 2022 |publisher=Revolver |date=2022-12-18}}</ref>. There are videos of a man named Ray Epps, who looks like a Fed. Ray Epps was video recorded along with the other rioters who tore down the fence. Ray Epps was video recorded the night before telling the crowd to go into the US Capitol on multiple occasions. Ray Epps was also caught on video assaulting Capitol Police when the riot began. Everywhere the riot started, Ray Epps was there. The FBI knows who Epps is but is not prosecuting him, most likely because he works for the FBI and is part of the Deep State conspiracy against Trump.

After being elected, President Joe Biden almost immediately opened the US Southern Border, allowing the cartels to take over, and cartels have been making $billions off of human smuggling, sex trafficking, and child sex trafficking. The cartels are using children to distract Customs and Border Patrol while the cartels bring in large amounts of fentanyl<ref>{{cite news |last1=Milgram |first1=Anne |title=Full transcript: DEA Administrator Anne Milgram on "Face the Nation," December 19, 2022 |url=https://www.cbsnews.com/news/transcript-dea-administrator-anne-milgram-face-the-nation-12-19-2022/ |publisher=CBS News |date=2022-12-19}}</ref><ref>{{cite news |last1=Comins |first1=Joshua |title=Migrant women forced into sex trade by traffickers at southern border; Sara Carter reports on 'Hannity' |url=https://www.foxnews.com/media/migrant-women-sex-trade-traffickers-southern-border-sara-carter-hannity |access-date=26 December 2022 |publisher=Fox News |date=2022-06-18}}</ref>.

Biden is alleged to be using open borders to engineer US Federal election outcomes by electorate packing. The UN claims that the policies are not a Great Replacement, but what the UN calls Replacement Migration<ref>{{cite news |title=Replacement Migration: Is It a Solution to Declining and Ageing Populations? |url=https://www.un.org/en/development/desa/population/publications/ageing/replacement-migration.asp |access-date=26 December 2022 |agency=United Nations |publisher=United Nations |date=2000}}</ref>, which are arguably the same thing. QAnon claims that Biden is allowing the cartel child sex and human trafficking to happen so the Democrats can get access to the Latinos children to get them to vote for Democrats by giving them money, making them dependent on welfare and food stamps.

This is what QAnon believes. QAnon believes that Jeffry Epstein and those pictures of Clinton on Lolita Express are real. They believe there is a Bohemian Grove where the rich elites do mock child sacrifice to an Owl God<ref>{{cite news |last1=Guffey |first1=Robert |title=Making sense of QAnon: What lies behind the conspiracy theory that's eating America? |url=https://www.salon.com/2020/08/30/making-sense-of-qanon-what-lies-behind-the-conspiracy-theory-thats-eating-america/ |publisher=Salon |date=2020-08-30}}</ref>. Alex Jones is cited in the QAnon Wiki page for his coverage of Bohemian Grove. There are pictures of Richard Nixon at [[Bohemian Grove]].

Alex Jones went onto the Timcast IRL podcast and he said that it's rumored that Ghislaine Maxwell's father, the newspaper tycoon Robert Maxwell, was a member of Bohemian Grove and that he was doing catch and kill stories and he had a sex trafficking ring similar to Epstein's where he would video powerful people having sex with underaged prostitutes then blackmail them.

Of one last important matter. This Wiki article claims that QAnon is far-right, but this doesn't summarize the body of the article. The claim is that QAnon is akin to antisemitism. This is wildly historically inaccurate. The antisemitic conspiracy was propagated by communists and nazis in order to use demagoguery to instigate a government overthrow to eliminate capitalism. There is no resemblance between the QANon movement and a top-down rule authoritarian State.

QAnon is an anti-corruption and anti-pedophilia conspiracy theory. It has nothing to do with anti-communist, authoritarian, ultranationalist, and having nativist ideologies and tendencies, neo-fascism, neo-Nazism, the Third Position, the alt-right, racial supremacism, and other ideologies or organizations that feature aspects of ultranationalist, chauvinist, xenophobic, theocratic, racist, homophobic, transphobic, or reactionary views, as the insane Wiki article for far-right claims. Pretty much Wikipedia says anything the Left doesn't like is far-right. Far-right means according to Wikipedia farther on the right than the right, which implies that if you get more conservative that you turn into a Nazi. That's 100% false as it gets and very offensive to those on the Right.

It's rather suspicious that the Far-right Wiki starts off with anticommunist. So then is QAnon an anticommunist movement? This Wiki article overview doesn't summarize the body of the article, it doesn't tell you why QAnon is far-right. I'll tell you, Wikipedia is claiming QAnon resembled Antisemitism and they are against open borders so that makes them racist far-right alt-right nazis. BS!!! That is 100% false!

Far-right is a term used by Leftists to identify those who are to be socially excluded, ostracized, hated, and treated hostile. Far-right are the bad guys you shoot up in video games like the Nazis. Wikipedia should be sued for defamation of character for treating this garbage as factual. Far-right means one thing, top-down cult-of-State authoritarian forms of Government. Communism is far-left because it's a bottom-up cult of State authoritarianism. The Deep State by definition is a top-down movement because there are politicians at the time like Obama and Biden who knew about the Steele Dossier being fake and used by Hillary Clinton to fraudulently influence the election but they didn't tell anyone. Deep State is by definition far-right BECAUSE they're acting authoritarian. Deep State endorses open borders where the cartels take over and engage in human, sex, and child sex trafficking, which puts them smack dab in the far-right.

## License

Copyright © [Freedom Government](https://github.com/FreedomGovernment); most rights reserved, Third-party commercialization prohibited, mandatory improvement donations, licensed under the Kabuki Strong Source-available License that YOU MUST CONSENT TO at <https://github.com/FreedomGovernment/FreedomCookbook>.
