## The IMP Boogieman from MSNBC

This chapter covers how helped start the 2016 Portland Anti-Trump Protest then joined #WalkAway and was demonized and falsely labeled as a racist misogynist xenophobic homophobic transphobic demon and canceled.

My name is Cale McCollough from Eugene, Oregon and this is the story of how I became the Imaginary Misogynistic Pig (IMP) Boogieman from MSNBC. An imp is a mythological fairy or demon often used as enemies to kill. When you see an Imp you are supposed to be afraid and turn into fight mode and kill the enemy. Some readers are foreign so I must explain, MSNBC is a news organization in America that is billed as the Left-leaning news outlet, Fox News is billed as the right-leaning news outlet, and CNN is billed as as the 'centrist' news organization, collectively referred to as . The IMP Boogieman is an imaginary enemy created by the Big Media to demonize conservatives by attacking negative labels to them such as sexist, racist, misogynist, xenophobic, homophobic, transphobic, etc.

I'm currently a white 38 years old cis-male and I live with my mother. I'm not very proud of my living situation, but I have a 12 year old child and I got canceled. By trade I'm a software and computer engineer. My only claim to computer science fame is that I authored the fastest method to print an integer. Other than that at this point I'm a complete failure. A lot time ago I was a radical feminist and I used to support the Progressive Agenda.

In 2016 I helped start the Anti-Trump Protest when Trump was elected. After about 3 years of Trump derangement syndrome, after myself attacking so-called misogynists and racists on the internet, one day after eating a hit of some really good acid I realized that even though I had been an feminist my entire life, if I criticized feminism online that I would also get attacked by the online hate mob, so I tested it out. It didn't matter that i had always been a good guy, that it was a mob with mob mentality to hunt the witch down and burn it alive and get the rapists and bad men mistreating women.

I posted Meninist jokes on Facebook advocating for equality for men, and sure enough, any time I would post anything critical of feminism someone would attack me. I was in engineering school at Portland State University at the time for software and computer engineering, and the attacks became so frequent that it caused problems in school. Trump was the biggest distraction one could imagine in school, especially being involved in the protest, and after that I tried to sue US Attorney General Jeff Sessions for Writ of Mandamus to force Jeff Sessions to follow his oath to uphold the constitution and stop the Russian asset Trump from destroying our country. In hind sight it was insane, all driven by media hysteria. Sadly though I'm not capable of not responding to comments, I always want to add stuff. The problem is that it starts as a small group of people online attacking you, and it snowballs into a lot of people on the internet attacking you and then spreading lies about you. People just get raging pissed off if you disagree with them. They don't read everything you wrote, and they start to reply all pissed off and and they try to reply to everything you said but they just get pissed off and frustrated from trying to type on a touchscreen and you occupying their time with bing dumb and what they call hateful, which they use to justify hating you. I personally saw through that. I had heard about this campaign called #WalkAway at this point but I thought it Brandon Straka, the campaign founder, was just some douche DJ bitching because he's got too high standards and people were making fun of him.

I stayed a Democrat and registered Green Party member for many years until one day I intended feral cat mass migration theory and then I realized I didn't support mass immigration as all. Feral Cat theory is based on domesticated cats becoming feral and undergoing natural selection that culls the weak and improves the cats genes. Domestic cats don't have very good genes due to humans feeding them and breeding them for looks. The runts of the litter aren't culled, and this weakens the cats genes. I personally have a feral cat that was re-domesticated and this cat, Chi or Chi Baby, is very smart, pretty, and always drinks out of running water sources. The cat's genes are nice, but let's say you brought in all of the feral cats and had them knock up all the pure breeds with bad genes. Sure the domestic cats would get better genes, but we would no longer have siamese or persian cats, they would all be muts, ending the domestic cats as we know it. I love my cat Chi, but I also love my other cat, who is a beta male Black Japanese Bobtail. It's obvious that being in a domestic environment has made the cat non-competitive. I wouldn't be the same world without the cats we know. The same goes for mass immigration. Immigrants may have dominant genes, and it might improve our DNA to bring in a lot of foreign DNA, but most Americans don't have good DNA. They're like domesticated cats. It's not like the domesticated cats have inferior DNA, they're the same cats only at different stages of evolution, it's that the other cats had an advantage. Genes don't spread because they're superior or inferior, they spread because they have an advantage.

It was at this point I realized that people who opposed immigration based on that immigration is good for our genes were engaging in Eugenics. By allowing mass migration our own people can't adapt to the rapid change, and the immigration population will have an advantage that will cause one population to grow and the other to shrink, but neither population actually has better genes, it's just that the immigration policy that allowed one population to gain an advantage.

After this I realized I was actually conservative and I started what would become the RSS Commentary. I started off the show calling it Coffee with Cale. I began by talking about all of the conservative talking points one by one. Typically these talking points I considered hateful and I would get #triggered when people were talking about them. I quickly realized that i didn't actually have an opinion, i was demonizing conservatives for ideas that I never put much thought into. Right away I started pissing off people. There are certain keywords that #trigger people, and they just start calling racist, like the topic of mass immigration causing population replacement.

## License

Copyright © [Freedom Government](https://github.com/FreedomGovernment); most rights reserved, Third-party commercialization prohibited, mandatory improvement donations, licensed under the Kabuki Strong Source-available License that YOU MUST CONSENT TO at <https://github.com/FreedomGovernment/FreedomCookbook>.
