## From Cultural Marxism to Nazi China

The reason why our country is having so many problems is because of a cultural breakdown from China and Democrats targeting our kids. Politics is downstream of culture, which is downstream of the education system, which is downstream of culture in a circular loop. Our culture is breaking down, because our culture are the things that we do to socialize and our entertainment. Hollywood makes more money selling movies in China, and our movies are now self-censored so they'll sell in China. It's the Chinese 'Communist'/Nazi Party (the CNP, that commits genocide and claims to be Communist while they own filthy stinking rich corporations and properties outside of China) that determines which actors and actresses rise up to be the most famous based on the political narrative they push. This allows the CNP to perform Cultural Marxism in the US. Cultural Marxism is where the commies said it wasn't Marxism that failed and why communism doesn't work, it was the culture so you have to eradicate the culture. The Chinese propaganda line, because they're trying to be the world's #1 superpower, is that Americans are racist and that even though the don't have free speech that doesn't matter because look at all of these riots and police killings, the Chinese Nazi Party is doing a much better job. Once you know their line you'll see YouTuber paid by the Chinese Nazi Party to spew this propaganda and they don't tell you they're paid, they're posting via VPN. What this narrative does is it causes American moral to break down. This is a classic military propaganda strategy used to break down the USSR. The US broke the moral with CIA spies and communism broke down. The same strategy is being used against us. Most major news outlets such as CNN, MSBNC, NBC, ABC, Bloomberg all have huge financial investments in China preventing them from criticizing the CNP. CNN is owned by WarnerMedia which is Hollywood who makes their money in China. ABC is owned by Disney that Disney World Shanghai and NBC is owned by Comcast that owns DreamWorks which owns DreamWorks Beijing; both theme parks bring in $Billions per year. 85% of Bloomberg's money machine transactions go through China. If you operate in Nazi China the CNP has full access to all of your data any time to use for military purposes. This gives China the ability to break down our culture by fanning the flames of hate between Feminist and Anti-racist and Conservatives by putting out fake propaganda about police shootings, misogyny, rape, white supremacy, white nationalism. Beware of propaganda that demonizes Americans, it is Chinese Nazi Propaganda. You think white people are racist, try going to Xinjiang China where they have the Uyghur Muslim forced labor re-education concentration camps. They're Han Chinese Supremacists and they're xenophobic and racist AF. You don't see any BLM people rioting about those slaves, in fact they typically organize their riots on phones made by CNP slaves.

## License

Copyright © [Freedom Government](https://github.com/FreedomGovernment); most rights reserved, Third-party commercialization prohibited, mandatory improvement donations, licensed under the Kabuki Strong Source-available License that YOU MUST CONSENT TO at <https://github.com/FreedomGovernment/FreedomCookbook>.
