 I'm looking for help with imaginary numbers for Gradient relativity, I've got a write-up on Quora. I'm theorizing that all electrons are accelerating at a constant rate through an electric field into a black hole using the oscillatory force on an atom at unit length. I need help when the speed of light is 1 unit per second.
The theory says is a minimum number of plank constants that electrons can be apart and when you push electrons closer together you compress the plank constants by dropping the light speed constant. The electrons are traveling in through the fewest plank lengths and in turn plank times as possible, which is in the direction of the black where F_atom=Ma=0, hens why it's black.
Sediment and centrifuges separate substances by weight because of General Relativity, not because of density. The Universe is separated by weight and causing gravity. There is no force called gravity, it's just that when the mass is compressed there is nowhere else to go but in hyperbolic space.
We just model the universe as a harmonic oscillator at resonance to get the force at any point in the gradient by treating black holes as infinitely dense electrons with zero radii that are compressing plank constants by dropping the plank length and plank time.
We have been saying that mass displaces space. It makes more sense that it compresses space because then it explains why atom bombs explode because the "space compressed inside the atom" is coming to equilibrium "the space outside the atom" by plank constants oscilating.