## Social Immune System

The reason is because every culture around the world has what is called a Social Immune System. Native populations can’t exist with mass and illegal immigration. Go to Hawaii and talk to a local, they say they’re worried about tourists buying up all the land and pushing them out of their homes by jacking up the rent and cost of living until they can’t live in their homeland. Immigrants around the world tend to congregate in large cities. White people can’t exist in their current form when you flood the big cities with immigrants from all over the world because it pushes the native population out of their own cities. What you’re calling ‘ultra-right wing’ is in fact nativity. Wikipedia is controlled by Big Tech who operates out of far-left Silicon Valley where 86%+ of the population votes for Democrats, up to 95% on a blue wave. Wikipedia has slandered nativist as far-right when in reality there is nothing extremist about trying to protect the Hawaiian natives or American Indians from mass and illegal migration. The problem is that white people are seen as invaders who stole the land from the natives. there is growing disrespect and resentment against white people, even in Europe. Many of these economic migrants are human trafficked by cartels who tell the migrants, “they’re paying you to move to Europe or America, just pay me $10,000 and I’ll get you there.” It’s happening in Europe and America. In America their has been almost half a million illegal boarder crossings, the cartels have taken over and they’re smuggling in $billions in narcotics that they’re using the migrants to divert law enforcement and distribute the narcotics. The people who are for immigration reform are slandered as racist, primarily do to the inane hate speech laws in Europe. Our enemies are using the false-narrative of systemic racism to bully white people into giving up their culture, way of life, country, and money to bring in a population of people who hate us. Islam is antithetical to Western values. If Islam takes root there will be massive wars like in Syria. We don’t want that in Europe or America. We want to live in peace and prosperity, but we can’t do that when our country is over populated and the foreign born population has sky rocketed tot he point where it’s kicked our own culture out of the big cities. At that point we’ve been robbed and our land has been stolen. we’re the ones who are the victims but we get shammed and our brand ruined so that some migrant who didn’t pay taxes can illegally immigrant here. White people aren’t even respected in our home land of Europe. Europeans need to grow a backbone. These Leftist are weak and they only win if they are able to insult us and make up a false narrative based on click bait and perversion of anti-hate speech laws. If you have a backbone and are willing to be called racist, sexist, xenophobic, then their tactics largely have no affect. It really is a mind pathogen coming from the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion crowd based on Critical Race and Gender Theory and Doctrine of Diversity. The corporations pushing this BS live in large cities where the immigrants are a huge voting block so the larger their population is the more it drowns out the native’s vote. Immigration has been hijacked to use as a political weapon to control the natives, which is anti-nativisim and anti-white racism.

## License

Copyright © [Freedom Government](https://github.com/FreedomGovernment); most rights reserved, Third-party commercialization prohibited, mandatory improvement donations, licensed under the Kabuki Strong Source-available License that YOU MUST CONSENT TO at <https://github.com/FreedomGovernment/FreedomCookbook>.
