---
layout: page
title:  "Cale McCollough's #WalkAway story."
categories: WalkAway
---

This is long, but EXTREMELY important IDW and #WalkAway information. Look at the graphs first attached to this post first.

I joined #WalkAway in 2017 after I helped start the 2016 Portland Anti-Trump Protests. I was a depressed brainwashed radical feminist with Trump Derangement Syndrome. I was so obsessed with the (Steven Pinker's) Universal Moral of Fairness that I became enraged that Trump said "grab her by the p***y" because I thought he was a misogynist, but in reality, I thought this because I was a beta male. Had I not been a beta male, I would have known that women come up to rich men all the time wanting them to have their babies, they actually want you to "grab her by the p***y", so Trump was right when I said that. I also thought Trump was racist for wanting to build a wall but as you will learn bellow we actually do need to #BuildTheWall. I thought Republicans were racist because I was clueless of history, that it was Democrats who owned slaves, started the KKK, opposed woman's suffrage, and passed the 1994 Crime Bill authored by Joe 'The Groper' Biden that created the Prison Industrial Complex.

The day I woke up I had eaten some LSD a friend kicked me down after I came home from the bar, and I realized that if I criticized feminism, even though I had been a life-long feminist who helped start that protest, I knew that friends I knew for almost a decade who I've never had a problem with would turn on me, I had seen them cancel enough people, so I started posting Meninist jokes on Facebook. I was tripping BALLZ, and people started attacking me. I thought it was funny, Meninism is just a joke, but they wouldn't stop attacking me for weeks. I'm a software and computer engineer, and I have to work with a lot of radical lefties, and most of my programmer friends from school unfriended and blocked me, and I got banned from Eugenetech slack channel for my comments on Facebook. This was my first experience being canceled. I did not know about #WalkAway at this point in time.

After some weeks of this, I, out of chance, learned about Red Pill and #WalkAway, and that almost all of what the modern Left today believes is based on lies and half-baked truths. I saw a guy with a "Make Women Great Again" hat and I thought it was funny. I was still a Democrat at this point. So I researched it and found about the Manosphere, and since I had never read any of the fem-nazi hit-pieces I didn't judge them, and I started researching the Intellectual Dark Web.

The second time I got canceled was on Tech Twitter. I'm a C++ programmer who was getting invites to speak at conferences. One day, one of the heads of the nVidia corporation posted that she was happy that women are now making more than men. I tweeted at her sometimes to the effect of "how does feminism help black men?" and "have you ever had a mob of feminists try to ruin your life before?". Then this 9 Replies Guy plastered my tweets all over the internet and I had 140K impressions shaming me, and I got canceled on Tech Twitter. 

About 6 months ago I launched @RSSCommentary and the Real Simple News YouTube channel, RSS news, and political commentary from the Intellectual Dark Web. It is a #WalkAway news channel that debunks #FakeNews and fights Canel culture and the far-Left.

Over this time I learned that Wikipedia is rigged by the far-Left. I had no idea what far-right meant, other than Nazis. In fact, it took months of research to understand the scope of this, that the meaning of far-right had changed and Wikipedia was the primary source, now circular source, and it had radicalized the MSM through a game of telephone. Now they are the #FakeNews Industrial Complex, a term I coined. When you start to examine the reasons why these ideas ended up on the Intellectual Dark Web, the cookie crumbles, the entire liberal narrative falls apart.

This is how fucked up these people are. Women in the US control 2/3 the money, they hold 60% of new college degrees, they control 85% of consumer spending, and men work average 50 minutes more per day, so it should be men controlling 2/3 the wealth, but it's the other way around. Everything we've been told about equal pay is a lie from white feminists, a racist version of feminist where they put white women's issues ahead of everyone else's, who want more money and to control the Ivory Tower. They are targeted with ads from feminist magazines and companies targeting feminists, and since they control 85% of consumer spending, most ads are targeted at women. You have lower-income feminists writing articles about how oppressed they are for not being rich, to get money from rich white women. Corporations increase profits when women get more money to spend, so supporting feminist causes makes corporations money.

When women put off having a kid until their 30's the end up having on average 1 child, which kills off their genetic line. Women have to have 2 kids to continue their genetic line, 3 to grow. Feminism is a death sentence for your people. Feminists could have 4 children, 2 males, and had 2 men to take care of her, but instead, the liberals in the big city Democrat-run shit holes want them to put off having a family to slave for Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Gates, Soros, etc.

The Left can't acknowledge that feminism is a fail at every level, so they have to paint anyone who opposes the suicide cult as a dangerous misogynist. They work so much they are lame with women and they just want to have some women to hang out with at the office to justify them letting their penis fall off. You slave all day and crunch for a corporation, then you get no family, they extract the life out of you and move on to the next corpse to harvest when you have PTSD from crunching.

There are 2 far-left theories that are cancer destroying America, critical race theory (CRT) and the Doctrine of Diversity (DoD).

CRT is where white men are oppressing the minorities because they were conquerors who owned slaves (only 6% of white people owned slaves who they bought from West Africans) and took the land from the nomadic Amerindians who didn't have a government (you can't steal land from a nomad).

The DoD is based on a study that showed that diverse teams are more productive and innovative. The White feminists, seeing only skin color and gender, generalized this to mean that all-white teams are inferior to ones with minorities and women. In reality, it means that teams from the same city and state aren't as productive and innovative as teams who from different places who don't all think alike. A team of white black people who act white and white women is no more diverse than an all-white team.

If you look a the population projections from the US Census Bureau (see attached graph), our population will go down if we completely restrict legal and illegal immigration. This is because of the low-birth rate of feminists. Democrats want the high immigration scenario because they pander to minorities, which would pack in an extra 70 MILLION people!

56% of illegal immigrants are from Mexico, 4 in 5 border crossers are not caught, and there are 20 illegal immigrants for every homeless person on the street. 1 in 20 Mexicans is in the US illegally. We have to enforce our immigration laws else Mexico can and will annex California from us. They think we stole it from them, but in reality, Mexico didn't exercise control over the region, very few SPANISH CONQUISTADORS lived there when the US annexed California and the ones who were there became US Citizens, many of whom became wealthy land-owning patriots. Mexico's goal is to take that land back, and Mexicans regularly encourage people to illegally immigrate to take the land back. Anextations happen, and large wars break out because of them. It's cheaper to build a wall, and sometimes it's necessary.

A large percent of big tech companies are controlled by foreigners and immigrants, and they have biased everything towards immigrants because of the CRT and DoD. This is why Democrats don't want to enforce immigration laws: because they are in a suicide cult. They have to replace the workforce that is dying off, so they need to pack in as many immigrants as possible to keep up their cheap labor source and customer supply (see attached graphs). After I realized the truth about immigration, I gleefully became a Republican, because the Democrats plan is BOZO! Let foreigners take over our Country because the white man is racist and all-white teams are inferior? That is ANTI-WHITE RACISM!

Under the Democrat's plan, by the time I die, I'm 38, about half of the US population will have been replaced by immigrants. Democrats want this because 2/3 of immigrants vote for socialism and Democrats. You're not allowed to talk about it, because it's 'far-right', except that this is a new thing. This has never been controversial to limit immigration & kick out illegal immigrants until China started going a cyberwarfare campaign against the US to remove the White English speakers using Cultural Marxism and replace them with socialist Latinos. Democrats support this because 2/3 of Latinos vote for Democrats, and most Asians (see attached graphs). Do you really think if Latinos voted for Republicans that Democrats would support high immigration? Of course not, they do it because they get white feminists, Latinos, and Asians to vote for them. It's all just a scam to gain and maintain power.

The most messed up part is the Ivory Tower won't hire most black people because their grades aren't good enough (see attached GPA graph). The Latinos GPAs aren't good enough either, but they have a better attitude towards education and they would be called racist if they didn't hire them. Most African Americans and Latinos live in big cities where most democrats live, which is why Democrats pander to minorities because it's a racist power structure ascending to the of the Ivory Tower! They have to control the minorities in the big cities, else they won't be in power.

Right before the pandemic hit, I built an open-source ventilator, and after learning all of the details of COVID and the Democrat-controlled anti-Trump CDC, I'm 100% convinced that Democrats are insane. Only 6% of Scientists are Republican, so they view most data through a political lens. This seems to be a corporate culture thing. The 2020 death levels are projected to be the same as in 2017 (see attached graphs), and each year that death count goes up due to population increase. The risk of dying from COVID is offset, so the pandemic was #FakeNews. COVID is a real disease, but just one of many ways you can die. The people at the CDC and in Silicone Valley are in a monoculture group-think echo chamber where they have institutionalized fear-based voting. They're Ivory Tower Liberals sitting up top their Ivory Tower promoting nightmarish policies that they don't have to live with because they live in gated communities with walls around them, they only hire Latinos to mow their lawn and they will get fired from their jobs in the Ivory Tower if they don't support illegal immigration because people will think they're racist. They all go around their meetings in the Ivory Tower and say their gender pronoun and token anti-racist pro-feminist pro-trans statements, and you'll be fired if you don't virtue signal.

Ivory Tower Libs have enough money they don't care if your house gets foreclosed on or business goes bankrupt, they will ride out the storm in their Ivory Tower and buy your house and business for pennies on the dollar.  They'll tell you anything you want to hear to get you to like the post, watch the ad, and buy the product. They're smart but most of their time is dedicated to extracting the wealth out of your family and community, making them evil. I'm a scientist so I don't like to say these things, but I do because they are true.

White feminists aren't out rioting for Black Looter Mob because the issues affect them, if the issues did affect them their men would fix it, they're doing it for equality so that white women will get more money. You can't trust them farther than you can throw them. Almost everything they believe is based on lies. 

This is why you should #WalkAway from the radical left before they harvest your family and our entire Country. You should watch Real Simple News on YouTube and follow @RSSCommentary on Twitter. The IDW rabbit hole goes very deep, follow me for details.

#BatSignal